DB 89 tutorials (#119)
elasticpath/react-pwa-reference-storefront: documentation/tutorial_siteBranding.md

---
layout: master
permalink: /documentation/tutorial_branding/
title: Tutorial Site Branding
tutorial: true
weight: 10
---
# Tutorial: Site Branding

### Requirements

* A development environment
* An Elastic Path training virtual machine

### Prerequisites

Ensure that you are familiar with the following third-party technologies:
* Git
* Node.js
* Visual Studio Code with the following extensions:
    * Debugger for Chrome
    * ESLint extension

### Example

**Before you begin**:
* For device compatibility, ensure that any image names and the resolution are the same.<br>

> 

Author: I'm not sure what you are saying, are you saying to have a heading before the first step or to move this note out of the "Example" section?

1. Clone or pull the `react-pwa-reference-storefront` repository to your directory.
2. Navigate to the `src/ep.config.json` file.
3. Update the value of `cortexApi.scope` with the store's name.
4. Add marketing content images in the `react-pwa-reference-storefront⁩/src⁩/images⁩/site-images` file. <br>

>     **Note**: To replace images and keep the same layout in other components, ensure that the image names are the same. <br>

Reviewer: You can reuse the same images and layout if you do not change image names > is this what you wanted to convey?

Author: Yes, and I was having a hard time conveying that. Ideas welcome :)

5. Add PWA icons and any default splash screen images in the `react-pwa-reference-storefront⁩/src⁩/images⁩/manifest-images` file. <br>

> 6. Add icon images in the `react-pwa-reference-storefront⁩/src⁩/images⁩/header-icons` file. <br> For example, the magnifying glass icon.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the `react-pwa-reference-storefront⁩/src⁩/images⁩/header-icons` directory, add the icon images. 
```

7. Upload all product and SKU images to a CMS. <br>

>     a) In each image, update the value of `skuImagesUrl` with the path to the product and SKU images hosted on your external CMS. <br>

Reviewer: are the external CMS and the CMS in step 7 same? If so, I assume, you meant:
Update all product and SKU images with the corresponding path in the CMS.
correct?

>     b) Replace the SKU or product file name with `%sku%`. This value is populated when the page is loaded with the values retrieved by Cortex. <br>

Reviewer: Is this SKU or product or SKU and product? 

When you load the page

Author: I've asked Shaun to confirm.

Reviewer 2: Depends on what you're showing in the store. OOTB it's SKU, but also depends on data of the catalog.

8. Upload all your site images to a CMS. <br>
    a) In each image, update the value of `siteImagesUrl` with the path to the site content and marketing images.<br>

>     b) Replace the file name and extension with `%fileName%`. This value is populated when the page is loaded with the values retrieved by your components. <br>

Reviewer: Same comment as in the above section

>     **Note**: If there is an issue with retrieving the values, the value is populated with assets locally available in `./src/images/site-images`. <br>

Reviewer: The `%fileName%` value is populated with assets  available locally in  the`./src/images/site-images` directory if the value retrieval fails. <br>

> 9. Optional: Set the value of `arKit.enable` to **true**. <br>

Reviewer: how do I do this, in which file?

Author: @shaunmaharaj How do you set the value of arKit.enable?  What's the file name? Or is that the file?

Reviewer 2: Take a look at ep.config.json. The values are all set in there for these configs:
https://github.com/elasticpath/react-pwa-reference-storefront/blob/master/src/ep.config.json

>     **Note**: When you enable `arKit.enable`, any product images with hosted ARKit USDZ files are wrapped with an anchor tag referencing the file hosted on an external CMS.<br>

Reviewer: Product images with hosted ARKit USDZ files are wrapped with an anchor tag referencing the file hosted on an external CMS.
this is step result

> 10. Optional: Update the value of `arKit.skuArImagesUrl`. <br>

Reviewer: I am not sure if I get this instruction 🤔 

Where do I update the `arKit.skuArImagesUrl` parameter? 
Is this in a specific format that has path, `sku/file-name` parameters?

Author: @shaunmaharaj Similar question, see Sofiya's question above, where do you update the value of `arKit.skuArImagesUrl`? Is that the file name?

Reviewer 2: Take a look at ep.config.json. The values are all set in there for these configs:
https://github.com/elasticpath/react-pwa-reference-storefront/blob/master/src/ep.config.json

>     a) Update the path to the USDZ files hosted on an external CMS used for ARKit Quick Look. <br>

Reviewer: Which path?
 Update the path to the USDZ files the CMS used for ARKit Quick Look. 
is it _CMS used for ARKit Quick Look?_ 
or
is it  _the USDZ files used for ARKit Quick Look_?

Author: I believe it's the USDZ file path, is that correct @shaunmaharaj ?

Reviewer 2: The value of `arKit.skuArImagesUrl` itself is a path. It's in the sample config already too.

Neither of those statements are correct. The USDZ files are hosted on a CMS, then the generic path to those files should be set to `arKit.skuArImagesUrl`.

example:
`"arKit": {
    "enable": true,
    "skuArImagesUrl": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/referenceexp/ar/%sku%.usdz"
  }`

    b) Replace the `sku/file-name` parameter with `%sku%` to complete the URL of the files. <br>
    Cortex populates the parameter value when the page loads.<br>

> 11. Update the color values for your store's brand in the `src/style/common.less` file.<br>

Reviewer: Update the `src/style/common.less` file with the colour values for the store.

---
layout: master
permalink: /documentation/tutorial_branding/
title: Tutorial Site Branding
tutorial: true
weight: 10
---
# Tutorial: Site Branding

### Requirements

This tutorial requires:
* A development environment
* An Elastic Path training virtual machine

### Prerequisites

Ensure that you are familiar with the following third-party technologies:
* Git
* Node.js
* Visual Studio Code with the following extensions:
    * Debugger for Chrome
    * ESLint extension

### Example

1. Clone or pull the `react-pwa-reference-storefront` repository to your directory.
2. Navigate to the `src/ep.config.json` file.
3. Update the value of `cortexApi.scope` with the store's name.
4. Add marketing content images in the `react-pwa-reference-storefront⁩/src⁩/images⁩/site-images` file. <br>

>     **Note**: Images can be referenced in other components. To reuse images, ensure that the image names are the same in each component.<br>

Author: I updated, see how it looks. :)

>     **Note**: Images can be referenced in other components. To reuse images, ensure that the image names are the same in each component.<br>

Author: Oh and I had to leave a point in about the layout.

8. Upload all your site images to a CMS. <br>
    a) In each image, update the value of `siteImagesUrl` with the path to the site content and marketing images.<br>
    b) Replace the file name and extension with `%fileName%`. This value is populated when the page is loaded with the values retrieved by your components. <br> 
    **Note**: If there is an issue with retrieving the values, the value is populated with assets locally available in `./src/images/site-images`. <br>
9. Optional: Update the value of `arKit.enable`. <br>
    a) Enable elements for ARKit's Quick Look capability to load on a product display page.<br>
    **Note**: When you enable `arKit.enable`, any product images that have hosted ARKit USDZ files are wrapped with an anchor tag referencing the file hosted on an external CMS.<br>
10. Optional: Update the value of `arKit.skuArImagesUrl`. <br>
    a) Update the path to the USDZ files hosted on an external CMS used for ARKit Quick Look. <br>
    b) Set the parameter to the complete URL of the files. Replace the `sku/file-name` parameter with `%sku%`. <br>
    Cortex populates the parameter value when the page loads.<br>

> 11. Update the color values for your store's brand in the `src/style/common.less`.<br>

Author: This one I didn't get a chance to fully look at yet but will even after the fact :)
